Title:							ONLINE PANDIT/PRIEST BOOKING

group members: 					Ankit Gite, Vishwajeet latpate, Arnav Bhargava

List of Actors: 				Priests, Customer(End-user)


Purpose:
								This document is meant to delineate the features of OPB, so as to
								serve as a guide to the developers on one hand and a software
								validation document for the prospective client on the other.
					
								Online Pandit/Priest Booking (OPB) has a vision to help the people 
								for finding Pandit/Priest according to their location, for any occasion 
								they want. OPB provides facility to book a priest sitting at home for 
								occasions like wedding,puja-hawan,vastu pujan and many more. 
								The end user has to go to the website and just book a priest, 
								all the information about the priest (including dakshina) will be sent 
								to user once the booking is done. For cancellation of booking and to get 
								refund ,certain criteria should be followed.


Scope:							OPB gives freedom to end-user to choose any priest from the portal, 
								and then they can book according to their charges and availability.


Definitions:
				OPB --> 	Online Pandit/Priest Booking
				SRS --> 	Software Requirement Specification
				GUI---> 	Graphical User Interface
				Portal-->    Personalized Website
				End-user-->   user who is going to use the website for booking priest	
				RDBMS -->    Relational Dadabase Management portal.



Overview:
	This portal provides flexibility to end-user to book priest for any occasions accordingly with respect to 
	type of occasion, and availability of priests just by sitting at home, without going out.         

Additional Information:
		This website gives surity for security of data of user during user registration and authentication.
		also it provides you with some discounts on booking a priest depending on various seasons and offers.
		Mahurat information can also be viewed in the site.
	
General Description:
	The online priest booking portal will help the people by reducing the chaos of going out and finding any priest 
	in 11th hour (specially in new city). anytime and anywhere ,anyone can access to the website and book accordingly.
	
	
	
Functional Requirement:
	This section provides requirement overview of the portal. Various functional modules that can be implemented by 
	the portal will be-
	
	
	1)user registration
	2)type of occasion
	3)priest according to occasion
	4)booking procedure
	5)payment processing
	6)Authentication and authorization
	
	
Description:
Registration: 		if user wants to book any priest then he/she must be registered. Unregistered user can not get to access to portal.
Login: 				User logins to the portal by entering valid user id and password for moving further.
					End User can Browse various occasions , their categories as well, user can save to their wishlist.
Payment for user: 	there are many of secure billing will be prepaid only via debit or credit cart,postpaid payment will not by available.
Logout: 			After the payment ,the user will logged out.
					Report Generation after all transation the portal can generate the portable file along with priest details (.pdf)
					then sent one copy to user's Email- address and 
					another one for the portal database to calculate the monthly transaction.
					The term client/server refers primarily to an architecture or logical division of responsibilities, 
					the client is the application (also known as the front-end), and the server is the RDBMS (also known as the back-end).
					A client/server portal is a distributed portal in which,Some sites are client sites and others are server sites.
					All the data resides at the server sites.
					All applications execute at the client sites.
        

Technical Issues:
	This portal will work on client-Server architecture. It will require an internet server.
	The portal should support some commonly used browser such as Chrome etc.
	Interface Requirement Various interfaces for the portal could be 
	1.Login Page, 
	2.Registration form
    
	There will be a screen displaying information about various occasions (religious events) .

	The user may select the different options which will be open in another screen as
		1.Login Page
		2.Registration Form
		3.Priest information page
		4.Booking details 
                5.date and time of puja/ceremony
                6.Booking history
                7.Account  Settings
                8.Payment Gateways
	
 Hardware Interface:
		
 Software Interface:
	http://www.mypanditji.com
	http://www.priestbooking.com
        At the end ,user need web browser for interact with the portal.


Performance Requirement:
	There is no  performance requirement in this portal, because the server request  and respone to client is totally based on internet connection of enduser.

Design Constrains:
	

Non-Functional Requirements

1.Security:
	  SSL
	The portal use SSL (Secure Socket Layer) in all trancations that include any confidential user information.
	The portal must automcatically log out all user after a period of inactivity.
	The portal should not leave any cookies on the user's computer containing user's password.
	The portal's back-end servers shall  only be accessible to authenticated administrators.
	Sensitive data will be encrypted  before being sent onver insecure connections like internet.
        The proper firewalls should be developed to avoid intrusions from the internal or external sources.


2.Reliability:
	The portal provides storage of all databases on redundant computers with  automatic switchover. 
	The main pillar of reliability of the portal  is the backup of the database 
	which is continously maintained and updated to reflect  the most recent changes.


3: Availability:
	The portal should be available at all times. means the user can access it using web browser, 
        only restricted by the down time of the server on which the portal runs.
        In case of a of a hardware failure or database corruption, a replacement page will be shown. 
	uptime : It mean 24 * 7 availability
	100%--------------
	99.9%
	99.999%
	99.9999%


4: Maintainability:
	A commercial database is used for maintaining the databae and application server takes care of the site. 
	The maintainability can be done efficiently.

5.Portability:
	The application is HTML and scripting language based (Javascript). So the end user part is fully portable and any portal using 
	any web browser should be able to use the features of the portal,including any hardware platform that is available 
	or will be available in the futuer. 
	An end-user  is used this portal on an OS;either it is Windows or Linux.
	The portal shall run on PC, Laptops and PDA.etc.
	The  technology should be transferable to different environments easily.

6.Accessibility:
        Only registered user should be allowed to process the orders after authentications.
        Only GUI access of the portal should be permited to end user.

7.Policies:
       The portal should aware to all the legal formalities of the particular countries.
       The portal should maintain security related to sensitive data.

8.Efficiency:
	The portal should provide good throughput and response to multiple user without burdening the portal by using appropriate number of servers.

9.Safety:
      Software should not harm ethical and environmental conditions of the end user machine.

10.Modulariy:
      The portal should have user friendly interface. 
      It should be easily updated,modified and reused. 


Operational Scenario:
		
Preliminary Schedule: :

	
	